Add text to README.md (#179)
cs-24-sw-8-04/scheduling: README.md

This repository contains the complete scheduling system and a simulator to test the system with many users and devices.
The system consists of a Android frontend, written in Kotlin with Jetpack Compose as the GUI toolkit, and a CRUD REST API backend written in Rust with the Axum framework.

The purpose of the system is to schedule devices to run at times where they can make the most use of available renewable energy.
The user registers their devices in the app and creates tasks for them.
A task is a timespan of where the device can run and a duration of how long the device runs for.
The task is then scheduled by the backend by creating an event that specifies the specific time the device should run.
To do this an algorithm called the global scheduler is used to ensure optimal scheduling by taking into account tasks from all users.

# Frontend

The frontend allows the user to login, manage smart devices, and create tasks.
A task is a time range that a device must be scheduled to run.
The backend then schedules the task by using the global scheduler.

> The user is notified when their task has been scheduled, informing the user of the time the device will turn on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user is notified 30 minutes before their task start and at the time the event start.
```
